We've looked at compiled code, we've looked at interpreted code, but there is a third way of doing
this, which is a bit of both.
Instead of the compile model where all the work is done upfront, it can be a little bit inflexible,
or the interpreted model where all the work is done on the receiving end, but it can be a little bit slower.
We kind of do half and half.
So what do I mean by this? Well, I kind of mean that upfront
we compile it part of the way to what's called an intermediate language.
And this takes it as far along the way to machine code as it can get while still being portable, often
across platforms.
You can then distribute this, sending it to the people who need to run it, and each person who runs it
takes the last step to convert it into machine code on their computers.
An intermediate language is also sometimes referred to as a Just-In-Time or JIT Compilation, and
it sometimes also goes by the name of Bytecode.